welcome to the man of recaps this is the
Bachelorette week eight and and the boys
are in the Netherlands this week another
European country Americans are not sure
where it is
is it Holland is it Belgium no it's its
own country Hannah's first one-on-one
day is with the front-runner singer Jed
their relationship is just super easy
and natural they really like each other
and a dinner Hanna admits she's fallen
in love with him
yeah we're getting to the end game now
next week is hometowns and if Hanna's
gonna meet your family
she better really see a future with you
the next date is with Tyler see they go
horseback riding which neither of them
really seem to figure out Hannah's
relationship with Tyler is pretty good
he's a real good guy and very attractive
but if he wants that date rose she's
gonna have to make an even deeper
connection with him he tells a little
story about how his parents got divorced
and that makes him scared of
relationships and I guess that's enough
[ __ ] he gets the Rose the final
one-on-one date this week is going to be
Mike and that's too bad for Connor s
he's a guy who I completely forgot was
still here he hasn't done much at all he
had the one-on-one date when Hanna was
sick and so they'd you know he just
brought her soup and stuff he looks
around and realizes he's the only guy
left who hasn't had a lot of screen time
so he sneaks over to Hanna's apartment
for some off-the-record one-on-one time
but it's too little too late she's like
who are you yet and so the last of the
random background guys finally goes home
so next day is the one-on-one with Mike
they're getting painted so they put on
togas he and Hannah have a great rapport
they always have a lot of fun and he's a
real sweet dude but that night Hanna
does some soul-searching and she knows
he's just not the guy for her sad to see
him go he's probably my favorite guy
except for John Paul Jones r.i.p now are
you ready for some luke p drama yeah you
are there are so many amazing sound
bites this episode he's gone so guess
what one less of us simple math the last
three guys have a group date which Luke
P immediately starts off ripping on the
other dudes yummy I hate talking about
the other guys but you know I don't have
to say any names Tyler and Jed Garrett
Luke and golfer Garrett really get into
it again this episode you don't even
know me oh I know you and I'll double
point on that one
double pistols and it ends with the best
food fight since the chicken nugget
incident this is a pall of baloney look
at that these are the moments I watch
this show for pilot Peter is happy to
ignore the drama and halftime with
Hannah their relationships good they've
had some of the sexiest make outs and
personality-wise yeah they're fine
together so he gets locked in with a
rose so there's one spot left for either
Garrett or Luke Garrett and Hanna had
the naked bungee jumping last week and
they're both from Alabama so they're
pretty good he drops the I love you bomb
not even coating it with the oh I'm
falling in love with you just
straight-up
love you but Luke P pulls out his trump
card he finally tells the story we saw
in his intro video where he took a
shower and God spoke to him and it
pretends to think that's interesting but
she's really just attracted to him thank
you yes and that's enough to keep him
around
sorry Garrett good effort even though
we've seen how awful Luke is behind the
scenes Hannah still just really likes
him so the final four going into
hometowns
Tyler see Jed the singer Peter the pilot
and the villain Luke P find me on
Instagram and Twitter I'm still doing
those 1 minute episodes they're my new
favorite thing and until next week man
of recaps out
[Music]